DP-64: Add meta descriptions to each page in the operation guide. (#6340)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/performance-data-collection/shell/adhoc-collection.adoc

[[ga-performance-mgmt-adhoc-collection]]
= Ad hoc collection

> :description: opennms:collect Karaf Shell command in OpenNMS Horizon/Meridian to trigger and perform a collection on any of the available collectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Ad hoc collection commands in Horizon/Meridian via Karaf shell to perform a collection on any of the available collectors for troubleshooting and testing.
```
